I want to cover two issues in this video
that are linked in my mind and in my
heart but for some of you they're just
gonna be totally miscellaneous name
related so I apologize in advance one is
why I do not want to get into a
relationship with a Chinese woman I
don't want my next girlfriend to be
Chinese don't want my wife to be Chinese
although I'm living in China and then
I'm gonna talk a little bit about the
absolutely terrible advice my fellow
vegans give on this topic of finding
your soulmate finding your next
boyfriend or girlfriend
oh my number one tip for finding of the
young boyfriend is becoming an activist
you're never gonna change someone's mind
by trying to force them into something
or sitting them down and trying to force
them to watch documentaries with you you
know how can I find a girlfriend how can
you buddy go by if you actually abstain
from sex sorry that's just happen at the
same time honestly
we can still play a definition about
standing at the time Thunder sting
talking about love let me tell you
something this jacket I got married in
this jacket and I got divorced in this
jacket this is my this is my lucky
jacket this is a durable jacket my legal
wedding going to City Hall to do the
paperwork I was wearing this jacket let
me put you on game alright um I want to
cover two issues in this video that are
linked in my mind and in my heart but
for some of you they're just gonna be
totally miscellaneous and related so I
apologize in advance one is why I do not
want to get into a relationship with a
Chinese woman I don't want my next
girlfriend to be Chinese don't want my
wife to be Chinese although I'm living
in China I have a lot of experience let
me China then paired two that are the
basic social forces that are kind of
forcing me into a relationship with the
Chinese woman that's kind of like a
brief footnote to that big point and
then I'm gonna talk a little bit about
the absolutely terrible advice my fellow
vegans give on this topic of finding
your soulmate finding your next
boyfriend or girlfriend having a having
a vegan inamorata shall we say am how
are these things linked in my mind I
gotta tell you the link is that the
terrible terrible advice I hear from my
fellow vegans again and again and again
is that you should get out a pen and
paper and you should write down a list
of all the things you're looking for in
a member of the opposite sex will
remember the same sex if that's your
thing and you should visualize this
person you know instead of meeting
people on a case-by-case basis with an
open heart and an open mind you should
have written down in black and white you
know the mold you want them to fit into
you should have the checklist for them
to live up to and I think that's
absolutely 180 degrees the wrong the
wrong way to approach this thing you
know
alright here's here's my comparison in
my life some people at different stages
in life some people have
seriously said to me that they thought
I'd make a great police officer one of
my ex-girlfriends she was really heavy
on that she really felt I should go into
police work in Canada and you know how
both my character both who I really am
and how she perceived me is part of that
right and I've had I think I only
remember two conversations with police
officers and they thought I would be
good for police work and you know
actually in all those cases I expressed
skepticism I was like oh yeah well you
know there's also this part of my
character you don't know about there are
some things about me that I think might
make me a terrible police officer okay
the truth is they don't know I don't
know we can't know until I try right and
I think it's not just when I when I meet
someone I don't know who they are
I've got to let them show me who they
really are I got to let them show me
what potential they've got to be in a
relationship with me and vice-versa
whether or not we can love each other
whether or not we can have a great life
together whether or not we can wash the
dishes together but it's not just that I
don't know who they are this actually a
really profound sense in which I can say
you don't know what you're looking for I
don't know what I'm looking for until
you try until you give it a chance you
know in that same sense of I don't
really know if I would be a decent
police officer or the world's worst
police officer and even another police
officer wouldn't know that right we
can't know that until you try so people
I encourage you meet everyone with an
open heart and open mind and I don't
even want to prejudge all Chinese women
oh that's the point of this video and
put this video also to challenge
probably some some misconceptions or
some stereotypes of Chinese women
because if you haven't really lived in
China you don't know if you know Chinese
women in Toronto or you know Chinese
women in Los Angeles
you don't know China I've also lived in
Hong Kong and Taiwan if even living in
Taiwan you don't know mainland China the
culture is really different here
especially in this way in relation to
matters of the heart etc etc so look
guys the fundamental reason why I think
I should
not have a Chinese girlfriend and why
should the next woman I get married to
assuming I get married again
will not be a Chinese woman is that the
ideal age when women in China are
looking to have their first baby are
looking to get pregnant have a kid start
a family is between 25 and 28
so I'm 38 if I am dating a woman 10
years younger than me I'm dating a 28
year old here in China almost without
exception there are exceptions almost
that exception they will be looking to
get pregnant have a baby start a family
now if they're 28 years old it's now now
now now now I'm not saying this as a
critique of Chinese culture it's just a
comment on how I fit into it right like
maybe it's kind of crazy that in Western
Europe and America so many women assume
they can delay having their first child
until they're 35 or 38 and over here
it's more like 25 to 28 back when I had
my first daughter I'm divorced of
three-year-old kid um I remember I was
talking to one of the midwives you know
not a full medical doctor but someone in
those in those specialized Sciences and
she was saying look we can all kid
ourselves but she was saying
biologically women should be having kids
way younger and she was breaking down
for me all the scientific facts about
how really if you talked about having a
healthy baby and a healthy mom and
healthy breastfeeding and all this stuff
in Western culture women have kids way
way too late and she I think she would
probably say that even in Chinese close
to 25 his already he's already pushing
it but anyway that's that's a medical
biological perspective that has nothing
to do with culture and is nothing to do
with economics right but I'm divorced I
have a three year old kid I am NOT
looking to have another kid the day
after tomorrow and I'm not looking to
date a woman who is so much younger than
me that she's got a few years of
flexibility right because if I'm dating
someone who's 25 to 28 that's what
they're looking for they're looking to
take the next step and have a kid right
away are there exceptions sure I guess I
can say I dated a woman who was a very
very interesting woman and she was in a
kind of Electrical Engineering
Chinese woman here in China real
mainland China and I remember she's
she's in the minority she said to me not
for intellectual political reasons she
said that she had decided she would
never have children and her way of
putting it was she decided she would
live her life for herself only very
interesting way to phrase it
given that I'm divorced and I already
have a kid obviously I could get into a
relationship with someone who had really
decided that they never won't have kids
but then that same person is probably
not gonna be very good with my kid
because I'd really rather have a
girlfriend or a wife who's cool with my
daughter so you know co-parenting
whatever you want to say is what it is
most women you meet who have great
parenting qualities either they already
are a parents like they're a divorced
single mom or they want to become a
parent so is what it is the force that
is ineluctably pushing me to get into a
relationship with a Chinese woman is
that here in China in 2016 so many
things absolutely rely on you having a
cellular phone at all times and having
someone completely fluent in Chinese
available to take a call on that cell
phone so I got this book here you're
gonna have a book review coming up on
the channel when this book was sent to
the post office they didn't deliver it
to my house so hey there's a famous book
doesn't mess about politics so probably
there's a book of you coming probably
gonna read this at the airport tomorrow
morning and on the airplane etc I
deliberated those they made a phone call
they didn't have a voice speaking fluent
Chinese answering the phone when they
the post office phone to deliver it so
they gave up and what do they do with it
they didn't just send it to a [ __ ]
they didn't they didn't have it wait at
the post office closest to my house they
had it wait in this hidden warehouse
down an alleyway and then into a hidden
door and my my teacher here my Chinese
teacher she phoned the post office
actually for another reason for a
different package that I was expecting
and then so obviously she was speaking
she's my Chinese teacher she was meeting
fluent Chinese and then she found it
from them if you go to this alleyway and
go into this hidden warehouse
there's another package waiting for you
we called you and we didn't get an
answer so we didn't deliver it
everything is like that here and again
even finding that hidden door I wouldn't
have found it without her and then we go
there so I mean she didn't just make the
phone call we went there together we
walked in and we got it done but whether
you're dealing with the bank or the
hospital or the government there are so
many things I mean like if you're gonna
start a business here you wouldn't rely
so heavily on your wife or girlfriend at
every stage for dealing with the
paperwork for dealing with the
authorities and it's a given here it's
totally assumed that if you are a
Western man starting a life here you're
gonna have a girlfriend or wife who is
really your business partner because
there are so many things that are just
impossible and again even I can like I
can speak Chinese okay now I've now
completed five hundred and forty hours
of Chinese instruction but to be at that
level where you can pick up a phone and
with no eye contact and no
back-and-forth
you can you can pick up a phone and talk
to a government bureaucrat in Chinese or
you can go to the hospital kneel
distressful damn day after day and when
I went out with my teacher to get stuff
done because I ever did so many things
she opened with obviously huge data
grants I just gave her some really nice
parting gifts that reason the people of
course assume she's my girlfriend or
she's my wife because who else would
help you with these problems right who
else would have the patience and
interest and care to help you this way
well [ __ ] so you know thanks thanks to
her show to my teacher but now I'm
leaving the school and there is pressure
on you to have that person someone who
doesn't speak lima Shalom is someone who
really sticks up for you someone is in
your corner someone is using that that
language ability to save your neck and
if you don't have that in China even if
you speak pretty good Chinese whoo it's
tough so there you go two forces one
really pushing me into a relationship
with the Chinese woman and one very
powerfully pushing me away from
relationship with jasmine because like
in Western culture in my age 38 it would
be pretty easy for me to have a
relationship with a woman who's not
looking to have a baby within the next
five years where you could have several
years of building the relationship
gradually before having a baby has even
talked about comes into the picture as
an option or maybe as a make-or-break
option and here in China if you're
talking about women 25 25 plus 25 to 30
unless unless I luck out and find the
world's most open-minded and
intellectual Chinese single mom it's is
really a trap for me it's really tough
all right so what what is the priceless
advice that my fellow vegans have to
give me a lot of guys on YouTube is all
you guys on Facebook there's love you
guys if this festival you don't have
girlfriends how can I find a girlfriend
how can you find a girlfriend if you
want one first things first you got to
know what you're looking for in a girl
you got to know if you want a girl to be
fit you got to know if you want the girl
to be on YouTube because ins want to
know if what the girls to be really
really nice and outgoing or very very
nice and introvert oh sorry so Ted Carr
he doesn't start by talking here he has
a message on the screen that says before
I begin the only thing that really
matters is if you're happy or not
right now nobody else can ever make you
happy nobody can make you feel fulfilled
happiness and fulfillment are inside
jobs and when you make you happy the
right people come into your life [ __ ]
you Ted car I believe the exact opposite
of every single point in that written
message written warning from Ted car I
think that the least important thing is
whether or not you're happy right now I
think that fleeting momentary happiness
right now is not so important and I
think that if you give in to the
mentality that the most important thing
in the world is how happy you feel right
now
you are going to be trapped in a life of
meaningless short-term self-indulgence
think long-term make sacrifices commit
to do things that make you miserable and
learn from those amazing experiences
built the pyramids how the [ __ ] you
think humanity built the pyramids you
know how do you think we accomplished
anything great with the attitude that
the only thing that matters is whether
or not you're happy right now and [ __ ]
it you're in a relationship with a woman
you think your happiness is the one
thing that matters what about her
happiness what about her grandparents
happiness what about the whole family
units happiness let alone having kids
what about the grandparents and the
uncles and the neighbors you know we had
this [ __ ] saying in English it takes
a village what about you take on a
village what about you take on a whole
community role and a whole family what
about you think about a lot of other
people's happiness and not just your own
Ted this this to me I've said it before
this is just like kryptonite to me this
is the opposite of everything I [ __ ]
believe in take are you got to know if
you want the girl who's going to be
really really honest and tell you
everything or you want a girl if maybe
doesn't any much it just keeps to
herself please describe your perfect
girl what's your name perfect girl you
much easier to find it apart from the
fact that the things he's listening off
as your checkmarks what you're looking
for a girl are incredibly shallow this
is again 180 degrees opposite of what I
believed what I advised I think this is
terrible advice from our fellow vegans
you should meet people not knowing what
you want not having a jello mold for
them to fit into or pop out of you
should let them show you who they are
and you should let yourself discover
what it is you're looking for or what
you can fall in love with after the fact
and you know it's really a distorting
view of the world in two different very
dynamic ways one is if you think you
know what you're looking for you won't
see it when you find something
surprising unexpectedly when you find
someone who's a wonderful person but who
we're not who's not what you're looking
for that's one obvious thing right you
find someone he's wonderful
who has redeeming qualities in a in an
unexpected way you didn't think you were
looking for a tall skinny woman but you
met a woman who has other qualities so
you know now she's what you've
discovered I mean I'm sorry man that's
shallow but what he's talking about is
shallow
you didn't think you were looking for
someone who was morose let's say maybe
you thought you were looking for someone
cheerful because these are the kinds of
examples it gives but you meet a really
wonderful human being who has some
really important qualities and maybe you
know maybe they do it maybe they're
finding the cure for cancer maybe
they're morose all the time because
they're doing this goddamn cancer
research it gets them down you say hey I
didn't think I was gonna fall in love
with the remote with a morose self
pitying cancer researcher but here we
are you you gotta let those people
surprise you and you got to let yourself
be surprised and look it's sorry and the
other thing I want to say cuz I've done
this to myself when you have fixed in
your mind something you think you're
looking for then also when you find
someone who has that characteristic
you're gonna be making excuses for all
the other things that are wrong with
them which is really dangerous so like
let's say you have written down that
you're looking for a vegan intellectual
some people are looking for that some
people send me naked photos of
themselves because I was looking for
believe it or not there are people are
looking for vegan electro okay and then
they find that the problem is because
you have that fixed idea in your mind
you say okay this person checks these
boxes and now you're not gonna let
yourself in an open-minded way figure
out who they really are which is gonna
include advantages and disadvantages
good things and bad things and all kinds
of great things in between all right you
can say oh this is what I had on my list
and by the way take her while he's
saying this he has written in text on
the screen in big bold letters write a
description of your ideal companion so
this is he that he's actually writing on
a piece of paper
this isn't metaphorical but to me both
of those things are dangerous it's
dangerous in terms of what you don't see
and then what you do see and the kinds
of justifications you're you're almost
inevitably gonna make for and
welcome to another video today I'm with
Mike of health this is back in the day
people Hania sitting next to Jason Posey
know very much in love and when she asks
Jason his name he gives his name as
high-carb health heck of health how the
times have changed there was a time when
he was promoting himself in his channel
under the name high carb health my
number one tip for finding a vegan
boyfriend is becoming an activist she
just said in order to meet men become an
activist imagine if we just switched the
genders how much hatred and all blue key
would be heaped on any guy who said that
he became an activist in order to meet
women that's really especially hated and
despised right if you're a dude who goes
to protests to pick up chicks or even if
you say it in theory that you can go to
protests to be an activist to pick up
women I have never gone to approach has
to be Whitman however I do not recommend
anyone does it and you know I've said it
before I've said it again I actually
think that veganism including
politicized veganism is a lousy basis
for a loving relationship because in
practice veganism is really not a very
loving philosophy you know like this
whole channel is talking about that I
think in a lot of ways veganism and why
people become passionate about become
activists based on a lot of a lot of
agony choose one word you know this
sense of witnessing the unbelievable
cruelty of the you know meatpacking
industry and then refusing to conform
refusing to compromise refuting refusing
to be complicit in that cycle of
suffering of saying no more whether you
particularly respond to the suffering
the animals or the ecological
devastation of the planet I actually
think that's a terrible basis for loving
relationship and even though of course I
would prefer to be with a vegan the
reality is any woman who falls in love
with me doesn't have a choice like two
weeks into the relationship and he [ __ ]
with me has to become thecan or get the
hell out
that's it that's how I roll so they
don't have a choice if I they want to be
with me or they don't so I keep it
simple from my perspective but meeting
someone through activism on the one hand
I think Kenya can be criticized here
because those are not the right motives
to get involved with activism of any
kind and she's really talking about
street protests here and on the other
hand is that a good basis for
relationship I say no
so my first vegan boyfriend I met when I
was doing a demonstration for animal
rights and during that time I was doing
a lot of activity and I met a lot of
vegan guys that some of them weren't
good-looking and so no right and that's
fine so my first tip for finding a vegan
partner would be not to focus on it so
heavily don't make it something that
you're you're longing for if you that's
what you're looking for just write it
down have a list of every quality that
you're looking for in a partner write it
down and then just let it be and every
day or every week come back to that list
and just read through it so that it
refreshes your memory this is what I'm
actually searching for this is what my
plan is this is what I'm going for
I know I know it's it's invisible to
some of you guys but to me I really
think of that as being very
psychological and healthy and I don't
know he can flip the genders I to me
it's just as creepy for a man or just as
creepy for him but he is talking about
literally have a list write it down and
then read that list to getting this like
self hypnosis as a visualization
exercise to me I think that's bad and
it's sick and it's wrong and not only do
I think it's gonna lead to a bad
relationship when you actually do meet
that person and you want them to either
fit into that mold or reject them I
think it's psychological healthy for you
while you're actually doing it it's
unbelievable it's a good question from
the crowd can I write a list down and
then forget it that would be much more
psychologically healthy you know what
instead of writing the list down and
obsessing over it and memorizing it and
looking for it you know what write the
list down crumple it up and throw it in
the fireplace write the list and then
flush it down the toilet and never think
about it again write the list and then
put that stuff out of your mind
that would be psychologically healthy
what all these guys are endorsing I
think is really psychologically
unhealthy I got to say also looking at
this old video of Jason and Hannah all
hugged up I look forward to the day when
me and my next girlfriend are gonna sit
on camera and talk about I don't know
Marxism and you know political science
in Southeast Asia and when this when
when these videos won't always be
one-on-one but the person that you found
you know you both liked each other
enough to respect that from each other
it's like it's like eating meat in front
of someone's like well I don't want you
to smoke in front of me yeah but I'm
[ __ ] smoking me exactly so again I
think that's an interesting comparison
but a false one asking your partner to
quit eating meat I feel is not
comparable to ask them to quit smoking
precisely because smoking only has
consequences for the person doing the
smoking eating meat has consequences for
the animal being killed as consequences
for the industry as consequence for the
ecology so I completely understand why
in terms of psychology you make the
comparison to smoking cigarettes but
actually it's a really bad in misleading
comparison the type of danger and the
type of damage being done because eating
meat has consequences not just for the
person doing it like nobody quits
smoking in order to save the life of the
tobacco plant your quitting smoking for
your own health your own psychology for
the psychology of addiction or what have
you I think that's really worth keeping
in mind is that actually this is not
comparable to quitting smoking and
that's also why I think it's so much
harder to compromise with if you have a
loved one in your kitchen doing damage
every day harming animals harming the
environment etc etc hey gorgeous people
know it's gonna be a great video when it
opens with the statement hey gorgeous
people I'm gonna start opening my videos
with ugly vegans represent hey gorgeous
people what if your boyfriend or
girlfriend isn't vegan again I think
it's really difficult to make
comparisons what if your boyfriend is a
fascist what if your boyfriend is a
neo-nazi what if your boyfriend is
involved with some kind of cult group
that performs human sacrifices those are
all things that have real consequences
the world yes they reflect the person's
beliefs they reflect perhaps moral
problems of the person's character
but there are also things that have real
consequences I don't think we can so
easily compare it to smoke e-cigarettes
because smoking cigarettes really just
has consequences for the person doing
the smoking by eating meat has
consequences for the animals living
their whole lives in a steel cage it has
consequences for the world's economy
ecology etc etc and in terms of how you
feel about them whether or not you can
trust them day by day I think we can
make a comparison with someone who's a
compulsive gambler do you really feel
you can love someone you can support
someone you can enable someone and their
lifestyle if you know that they're
gambling or that they have that
compulsion them at any time to go back
to gambling so there are trust issues as
well as all those ethical issues
involved now I know as a vegan veganism
is such a passionate topic for all of us
and we really really believe in what
we're doing we can say that we believe
in what we're doing but is that the
point I think the problem is do I
believe in the person I'm in love with
do I believe in my girlfriend do I
believe in my wife whether or not you
believe in veganism that's a real
problem and again even if it's just
something like compulsive gambling she's
not the worst sin in the world does it I
mean compulsive gambling doesn't slit
the throats of baby calves doesn't do
any of the terrible things that happen
every day on this unbelievable scale to
millions and millions of animals it's
relatively harmless compulsive gambling
but if you're a compulsive gambler can I
believe in you
believing in veganism is one thing
believing in the person you're in love
with is another because we really
believe in the benefits that it has on
the planet and we don't want to torture
animals and we don't want to
unnecessarily murder you know so many
animals every year it's just something
that we're so passionate about on a
human level I don't really think it's
possible for any vegan to make this
compromise I don't really think any
vegan is comfortable sharing a kitchen
with someone sharing pots and pans with
someone sharing knives and spoons with
someone who's cutting up the corpses of
dead animals when you see a piece of
meat I think once you become vegan
you don't just see the meat you see the
whole cycle of suffering you see the
industry that produces that meat you see
the life of that animal being trapped in
a cage living its whole life on a
concrete floor you see the whole ugly
context of cultural excuses made for it
you probably also to some extent on some
level you're aware that this food is not
healthy for you that in some sense it's
poison that it's not only unnecessary
but that it's actually unhealthy and you
know I think you see it just like the we
see we see the whole rain cycle you can
look out at the ocean and not just see
the ocean but also realize that the
ocean in a sense is linked to the rain I
think in the same way you see the
ecological devastation of the world the
waste of the world's resources all in
that piece of meat you don't just see
the bloody hacked off limb of an animal
which is what it is and I got to tell
you for me not only do I not want to see
that in my kitchen I don't even want to
see a wool sweater in my in my closet
and wool unlike a piece of rotting meat
doesn't smell bad doesn't have any blood
on it
you know wool wool is beautiful but for
me what will represents what it means
morally and what it means about the
person who buys it and where is it is a
whole nother thing so what if your
boyfriend or girlfriend isn't vegan gosh
like I know that that can be so so hard
and the first thing you might want to do
is maybe yell at them or tell them you
know they're a terrible person for not
being vegan so you know where she's
going with this um if a woman likes me
she is gonna feel the depth of my
disapproval that I disapprove of her
reading me she is gonna feel that even
if I don't say a word
sitting in the state she's gonna feel it
if a woman loves me she's gonna feel
that in a whole other level
so I mean what you're saying here I know
where she's going with this but a
perfect no I feel let's talk about the
other person's feeling instead about the
meters feelings if the meteor is in love
with me and they want to feel loved they
are they are gonna feel that disapproval
even if I don't say a word every time
they sit down at the dinner table with
me or every time they put on a leather
jacket put on their leather boots I
people pick up on that stuff you know
one of my girlfriends who was not at the
st. who was not the intellectually
brightest girlfriend I've ever had I
remember sometimes she would talk about
her research interests or her
intellectual interests and I wouldn't
say a word
I wouldn't criticize sit there silently
and she would talk about she wanted to
do research on linguistics psychology or
some [ __ ] and she knew to just I
remember she wouldn't even make eye
contact with me sometimes just pick up
the vibe but coming across from couch to
couch it when somebody loves you doesn't
just like you isn't just interesting
you're throwing would they love you they
feel that disapproval and it is sharper
than a serpent's tooth somewhere the
chat says and they'll resent you
some people will some people develop
resentment but for some people it's just
sorrow
it's just suffering it's just misery
resentment comes later resentment it's
something you've gotta develop but
immediately you know there's sorrow and
suffering and innocence harm so yeah you
can talk about how I feel
let's talk about how how the other
person feels in this case the woman
sorry I'm heterosexual the woman the man
whoever you're talking about unless
unless you're with somebody who's
sleepwalking through life they're gonna
know that they're gonna feel that and
it's gonna matter it's gonna count for a
lot every night and I know when I get
that because I've been there in the past
and it's just not the right way to go
about it unfortunately the best thing
that you can do is be supportive of
where they're at
even if that's really really hard for
you to do it's the best option so yeah I
don't want to rehash the really extreme
examples I used if you are in a
relationship with someone who's actually
a neo-nazi actually a member of an
extremist political group like that do
you want to be loving and supportive do
you want to be enabling what they're
doing if you're in love with somebody
who's a drug addict who's a gambling
addict do you want to be supportive even
if it's just alcohol or just cigarettes
but the gambling is a good is a good
example because of gambling again
there's this problem with trust it's
corrosive can you trust them can you
respect them if they were gambling in it
but why would it be why would it be
advantageous for you to be loving and
support of them and look gambling in
some ways is easier because you probably
don't have to see it if you're in a
relationship with a gambling addict it's
very likely that just once once every
couple of months they disappear and they
for a whole weekend they're going away
and binging you know gambling all
weekend you don't got to see it with
meat and dairy you gotta say it's in
your kitchen it's right in front of your
face every day you're smelling it every
day I mean it's easy to preach being
loving and supportive but actually if
we're talking about good and evil which
is what it comes down to for vegans I
don't think you can be loving and
supportive towards something you
sincerely regard as evil because you're
never gonna change someone's mind by
trying to force them into something or
sitting them down and trying to force
them to watch documentaries you're right
you're never gonna change their mind
you're gonna change their behavior and
you know what I think if you fall in
love with a gambling addict maybe that's
the one thing you can't judge maybe on
some level always they're gonna have
that desire in them even if they got it
under control even if they were cover
you know if they stop they quit gambling
and they never go back to it is it about
changing their mind or is it about
changing their behavior I think that's a
totally separate topic like what because
because what we're talking but here is
being in a relationship with a meat
eater versus being in relation with a
vegan there's
separate video we made being in a
relationship with an ethical vegan
versus being a relationship with a non
ethical vegan so doesn't care but who
lives a vegan lifestyle anyway for
whatever combination of reasons whether
it's health doctor's orders or because
their boyfriend or girlfriend forced
them into it which there's plenty of on
this planet do you are you cool with
that but she's right I give her that
point you're not gonna change their mind
but you are gonna change their behavior
and to me that's what matters because
their behavior has outcomes the outcomes
that I care about you're not paying
someone to slit the throat of a lamb so
you can drink its blood the best thing
that you can do is like hey babe like
would you maybe want to have like you
know one day a week a vegan dinner with
me or you know do one day a week 100%
meeting with me if you fall in love with
a Muslim do you think you could ask them
to be atheist for one day per week do
you think you could have one atheist
meal per day it's problem with veganism
it is built on ethical beliefs and those
ethical beliefs run deep there's no such
thing as being a part-time atheist or a
part-time Muslim or a part-time Catholic
either you believe in it or you don't
either it matters to you or it doesn't
you know what you do with that concern
once you have that ethical concern is is
another thing so no I don't think and it
happen I mean people you know sometimes
atheists fall in love with Muslims and
Muslims fall in love with atheists this
is you know this is life this happens
but there's no what you could ask that
person to change you can ask that person
to switch from being a Muslim to being
an atheist like it's the most common
thing one of my professors he converted
to Judaism he was an atheist Christian
and he converted to Judaism because it
fell in love with a Jewish woman it
happens I mean life is full of these
these these you know funny situations
um but there's no way you can ask
someone to be Jewish one day a week
that's not gonna work it's not gonna
work for either party so there's no way
you could ask someone to be vegan one
day a week even though I know her
heart's in the right place and I know I
know where she's going with this but the
person you're in love with is gonna know
where you're going with this also you're
asking them to convert so why [ __ ]
around why pretend that it's about one
meal or uh or one day of the week and
you know ultimately this isn't your boss
this isn't your brother this isn't your
coworker this is someone you're cooking
for cleaning for sleeping with waking up
next to having sex with and you're just
omitting to mention that they're morally
repugnant to you all the time
that what they do day in day out sunup
sundown in a million little ways when
they put on their leather boots and
their fur coat or they buy a hot dog at
a hot dog stand
what they're doing is morally repugnant
to you and you're just gonna suppress
that and not mention it well you cook
for them clean for them make love to
them boo sing it's not gonna work people
it's it's not gonna work
can it work with a co-worker with your
brother yes with a more distant
relationship but a person you are that
intimate with and where your approval of
them your attitude towards them your
love for them matters so much I don't
think there's any way you can reconcile
having that kind of intimate supportive
loving relationship with complete
ethical contempt they deal with their
lives and that is Yin
and for me not everyone feels this way
for me that is there with a gambler too
because for me gambling isn't just
wasting money at his youth wasting time
for me there's also an ethical component
of it and I would feel contempt for
somebody if they have other good
qualities but still what they're doing
with the time that much of the potential
[Music]